Migrate content to codebase and change Sphinx theme to Furo (#61)
Stormbase/django-otp-webauthn: docs/index.rst

About Django OTP WebAuthn
=========================

Django OTP WebAuthn is an implementation of `WebAuthn Passkeys <https://passkeys.dev>`_ for Django applications. It extends the `django-otp <https://github.com/django-otp/django-otp>`_ framework to support multi-factor authentication using :ref:`passkeys <about-passkeys>`.

> Django OTP WebAuthn simplifies :term:`passkey <passkey/discoverable credential>` authentication by handling all cryptographic operations through `py_webauthn <https://github.com/duo-labs/py_webauthn/>`_.

Reviewer: @activus-d should the documentation index explicitly link to the getting started guide? I know it is in the sidebar, but just looking at this page the 'where to go next / call to action' is not very obvious.

<img width="1118" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c75b5d36-6b90-42e9-be49-718418ea115e" />

Features
--------

Django OTP WebAuthn comes with the following built-in features:

* **Passkeys as a second-factor authentication:** Users can verify their identity by approving a browser prompt after entering their password.

* **Passwordless login:** Users can authenticate without a password using biometrics, a security key, or another trusted device. You can disable this feature if you want to use Django OTP WebAuthn as :term:`second-factor authentication`.

> * **Batteries:** Comes with a default frontend JavaScript implementation that works out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Frontend included:** Comes with a default frontend JavaScript implementation that works out of the box.
```

Reviewer: Decided I don't want to claim 'batteries included' anymore, figurative speech

> * **Flexible frontend:** Users can customize the default UI to match their brand or implement a fully custom frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Flexible frontend:** Developers can style the provided user interface to match their brand or implement a fully custom frontend using the provided api views
```
